Welcome back I think it's time for us to write a proper Brank function that we can use with our smart
brain API so that in here perhaps we can have a little emoji icon that will show up based on the count.
And we're using right now Lamda for a simple exercise but I hope your imagination is running wild right
now with all the things you can do with LAMDA.
It is so cool and so interesting I definitely want to see some creative implementations that people
have with the smartphone app or with your own app.
I would love to see and hear what you've done with lambda functions.
Definitely posted in our community chat because I love all these things and how creative people can
get with it.
Now and here I'm going to do something fun and this function I'm going to have a little emoji set that
I've created and these emojis are going to be our ranking system.
This is where you start off with the keep growing you keep growing you keep growing until you get to
the rocket ship the best rank of all.
Now what should we do.
Well first off let's put this outside of the function actually now I'll leave it like that just to show
you that we can have things outside the function and inside of fear before we send out the response.
I'm going to have a concert rank and this rank is going to equal event dot Querrey string parameters
and you're asking ward where did you just get that from.
Well if we go back to our event Ahar we don't have it anymore.
Let's grab the and point from here.
And paste it in here and add one to three.
And here in the parameters
what we wanted to do make sure we don't have the get request in here.
Let's try that again and end here.
If I go to query string parameters we see that we're able to have the query strings of our API endpoint.
So we're going to send the entries count through this parameter and we're going to accessit on the lambda
function.
So I'm going to say from here from the query strings parameter I'm going to grab the rank and I'll show
you how we do that.
Surely now from here let's create a now there function that's going to be called Brank emoji and this
random Moji is going to do a simple little function for us.
We'll just say emoji use our little logic for us.
If the rank is greater than the emojis dot lenth.
So that is whatever the rank or the entries count of the user is if it's larger than our lenth which
looks like we have about 9 if it's bigger than that.
Well just returned the latest or the rocket ship.
So if that's the case I'm going to say and yes we're doing a little funny syntax here.
Remember Mojo's is just an array.
And we're doing a little bit of logic inside of the array can get confusing but it's nice shorthand
for now.
I hope you can follow along.
Let's say that for that case we're going to say that emoji is not lenth minus one that is.
Get the latest badge.
Otherwise just give whatever rank we have.
If you have zero entries you'll get this one.
Have one entries you'll get this one.
Two entries.
Three four.
So on and so forth.
So let's save.
And then finally in our response object we're going to instead of the inputs being the event we're just
going to return the rank he Moji that we care about.
So ideally we get an emoji out of this.
Let's save and run deploy here.
Now I want this for production.
So I'm going to change the tag.
Now if I scroll up to prod just to see what happens and I'm going to run a Salles deploy.
And while that's happening in the background we're going to work on the front end of our app of our
smart brain up.
But I want to go over this one last time.
We have an array of emojis and all we're doing is based on the query string parameters that we get from
the point that is going to be the rank of our entries our users entries we're going to just return a
ranking Moji based on the order that we have in the array.
We're simply receiving an input with the rag and Moji.
So while that's being served up I'm going to go back to my Front-End looking at our app actually you
want to have something in here next to our rank.
So I'm going to go into our ranke component which luckily we already have.
And then this Rand component we see that we're just logging out entries and that's about it.
Let's add our emoji to this component actually before we start touching this list make sure that our
lambda function works as intended.
I'm going to go back.
We see that.
All right we have a new endpoint.
You see that it's now Prada is in production and we can grab this and point and test out what we get.
I'm going to copy and paste and in here because we're waiting for query string parameters that means
we have to do a question mark for query strings.
We're going to say that the rank equals we'll just give it let's say for now remember where we're getting
this from.
If we go back to our function we have the query string parameters and we're grabbing the rank property.
If I name this to something different like the Moji well in that case I'll have to use the Moji over
here after the question mark but let's give that a go
look at that.
Let's make that a little bit bigger.
To celebrate we got the little winky face.
Our service function is working.
And if we change this to let's say 400 we get the rocketship we've got the rocketship badge and if we
change this to zero smiley face we got to work on our ranch here.
How awesome is that.
And how simple was it to just deploy that function to lambda to Amazon servers.
And now we have access to it.
Absolutely amazing.
I love LAMDA.
I hope you're getting excited in the next video.
We're going to implement this and the Front-End I'll see on that one.